# SolidQAinStocksDomain
The idea of developing MiniWatson Stock Q&A System comes from Watson, which contains the leading technolegy of IBM. By analysing and understanding the requirements of our users, and searching for all kinds of information efficiently, we are able to achieve our final goal – to give the most correct answer to the questions raised by our users. We wish to solve three problems that most small investors would encounter. They are, hard to find information, hard to screen information and hard to analyse information. By doing this, we are able to help them find what they need in the stock market, and help them succeed in their trading.
  We provide only what you want, because we can find out what you want.
  miniWatson focuses on the stock market. We target our users as small investors who rely and focus much on the stock market. We have established a structured database which contains four kinds of information - basic concepts, information about a specific stock, introduction to famous investors, and how to operate in the stock market.
  We provide only what you want, because we want to solve your confusion. 
  miniWatson works efficiently to develop a reasoning and answering method for the questions it would encounter. Our users will be provided the only answer, which is sure to be correct for that the system has great ability to understand the basic intent of the users. The time which used to be cost on searching and screening will be saved.
  We provide only what you want, because we wish to give advise to your conduct. 
  miniWatson dedicated to improve its processing speed. It provides a quite convinient operating method and a very clear operating interface. The users will get the most valuable information and advices in a very short time.
